Updated add-password-reset-policy.md (#90925)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory-b2c/add-password-reset-policy.md

### Create a password reset policy

> The [Azure AD B2C Custom Policy Starterpack](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/active-directory-b2c-custom-policy-starterpack) contains several pre-built policies, including sign-up and sign-in, password reset, and profile editing policies. For more information, see [Get started with custom policies in Azure AD B2C](tutorial-create-user-flows.md?pivots=b2c-custom-policy).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom policies are a set of XML files that you upload to your Azure AD B2C tenant to define user journeys. We provide [starter packs](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/active-directory-b2c-custom-policy-starterpack) that have several pre-built policies, including sign up and sign in, password reset, and profile editing policies. For more information, see [Get started with custom policies in Azure AD B2C](tutorial-create-user-flows.md?pivots=b2c-custom-policy).
```
